Yep.
So let's go over this quickly and let me copy this.
Input.
I cannot support it in our tabular form if you want to.
But I leave it to you.
Right.
I'm just writing a pure recursive solution here.
You can order it in the table format if you want to, because it's very easy.
It's very similar to the substitution problem.
You only need the previous row X minus one Y or x minus one y minus a them.
It always does upset some problem.
It does that idea we well we were returning boolean values eight but here we'll be returning some maximum
values and we'll simply add them.
I hope this is clear.
Eight.
So.
I'm leaving the tabular approach to you.
But.
But I would strongly suggest you to do it.
And of course, I've already told you how to optimise the memory and other things.
So when you when you go to the tablet update, you can also optimise the memory of the solution by a
lot.
Basically right now, we'll be taking 2000 to 2000, which is into it.
But when you call it in a tablet manner, you can.
Ordered an off on lease basically by using only one rule.
We all know that.
How to do it.
Eight.
Or if you want me, I can also do it.
But it's fine.
I will leave it to you and I'll provide you the record I brought to the court.
I looked at it in the resources.
But I want you to do it.
Well, so into knapsack index.
And what is the second thing?
Let's call it?
It's a win win, Dixon says of the knapsack.
They.
And lastly, let me quickly take this.
And Eskom and.
So this is the first value is decided, the item next to the value of the item.
So let me take a big at a call size.
Concerned and and and let's to 2001 and because we are doing everything one based on the.
So and this is site size and this is value you a well.
And as you know.
I'll be calling it as a one BS index.
You can do it zero, but also it doesn't matter.
The logic should be clear.
So as I.
Okay.
And we're doing.
Assad and VA.
So we I have taken the value and the paid what I need.
Ultimately, I want to print the out knapsack and direct it as zero an uptick or.
You can do it yourself.
So now I'm sick and I'll start from the last two nicks end.
And initially, as is my.
That's a capacity.
Right.
So.
Yeah.
Just give me a sec.
So let's start with the two things that we heard.
One is include, include, and the second is X load.
So the answer is it's initially the answer is zero.
And if I included, then there's only one condition to include it.
That means, as of index, it would be less than equal to the size of the knapsack that I have included
in this knapsack.
So what else is answer equals to?
I'm now sick.
And what I can say is index minus one because I'm including you're not telling me the answer for the
previous index minus one items.
And what is the size of the knapsack?
It will get reduced to size minus as of index, the current size of the item.
If I'm including the item from a knapsack, then my what will mine to me.
Now tell me the best answer from an X minus one to a soft index.
Oh, sorry.
Not as a phoenix space, because the size won't change.
And I simply didn't answer.
Correct.
And finally, what's the basis of.
We know one thing that babies will never go below zero because we have this check rate and here we are
putting size.
The size on the size will never go below zero.
So we don't have we should not have a case for size, but we can have a base case for index over the
next 3 to 0.
That means I don't have any elements to put in my knapsack.
Then what I will do is simply return the.
Ain't no guy still me.
If I'm including an element into my knapsack, then I'm asking the enemy the best answer for them.
But I'm including the current elementary school or include inclusion of the current element.
I have to take its value in place.
Right.
So let me write it.
So I will take the value of the element that I have and I ask that, okay, now go on, tell me the
answer for the rest of the other numbers.
So this this is important.
We have to take the value here.
We don't have to take the value because we include excluding it.
Remember it.
So pointed out that.
Okay.
So it is confusing.
This s with this s.
So let me write this case.
I at me, boss.
Visit.
Hmm.
So here you can see we have easily got 13.
But this is, again, a to this report and solution.
What we'll do is we'll simply memorize it.
But let me add more.
Is it quickly and cross in.
And the best way to.
It's let memory.
Memo.
Uh, index from us size.
So Avon said it's not equal to minus one.
I don't answer.
el-Sisi's answer is zero.
And yeah.
Nothing to change.
And we'll initialize the.
Memo by minus one.
Correct.
So now this is a very nice working solution.
And what's the complexity of this and in the face?
Eight because those are the number of states that we have.
The pure recursion is pure recursion, right?
And in memorization, it is dynamic.
Well.
So I hope you enjoyed the world's most famous problem, which was very easy.
And I want you to code it in the bottom of manner, which is using tabulation.
In the tablet format.
I already had the code on it, but Australia's said.
Thank you.